[Music]
Thank you pick up a good afternoon clipboard.
or good afternoon, sending charles was in a
now unfortunately little connection
has been cut here by the
woman that the half lucca and is the following is
I would like to go on a trip and I
wanted to know how I do it's how
Can you say reserving a brazilian suite?
taking a reservation what is
It's really cool at the moment
picking up are working with
reservation
I'm sorry, I just remembered that
Woman had said that, I have one.
little headache that just
I discovered that my wife betrayed me.
and I do not want to be with her anymore
so I want to move to a place and
for the time being the group our most
an information is I saw that we
promotions for the elderly from 50
years right
is there a promotion that among seniors
over 50 years and how it works is
in the entrance of the suite says that I have
more than 50 years of standing has
modality
and then what counts the gain that however
one more hour for the period
placed from 31 12
but one thing is this promotion comes with
viagra also so in the case had to
buy understand and I also live from a
sexshop this is me I came here on the site of
you who have sexshop that the product that
comes from him
tie understand and there will I meet the
Rubber penis there is because I have
I'm half manic a sex shop will be
finds a rubber dick knows pinto
I just wanted the case of
nature of the menu and products that
I have to buy to force the employee to
battle
good afternoon my name is charlie but I live
in São Paulo, I would like to know one
price of a milan suite that I have one
work to do
and I have to go on a trip some
two weeks there and I wanted to leave
it is even reserved
then in case how would I be
Doing to rent a suite there, see.
in the entrance because we work with
a sound just said second such me trying
talk on the phone here O
The second I'm going to slap her face.
[Music]
on word of mouth shut up good phone
demand 37 really hope you
have enjoyed
good, thank you very much for watching videos.
here if you liked it being young and
probably in the disclosure that will
to help Yemanja very much and
this video of jokes there if you want
continue through the trot is very important
in the parades June for 10 comments
If you laughed a lot, you say that you
think of the lines and everything is so
very important there that I asked you
nor does it confirm the description displayed in the
tav channel that was what made the role
of the man who was beating the woman
That set me free as hell is
difficult a trot with this quality
and he also managed to give a past in
blue channel and it is also written that
I did the woman, she was perfect, guys.
beautiful is this
Thank you so much, it said it was a hug.
a handshake is good